# What is this repo about?
This is a telegram bot writen in python for search files on our beloved Google Drive.

# Inspiration 
This project is heavily inspired from @out386 's telegram bot which is written in JS.

# Features supported:
- Index Link support

# Upcoming features (TODOs):

# How to deploy?
Deploying is pretty much straight forward and is divided into several steps as follows:
## Installing requirements

- Clone this repo:
```
git clone https://github.com/lzzy12/python-aria-mirror-bot mirror-bot/
cd mirror-bot
```

- Install requirements
For Debian based distros
```
sudo apt install python3
```
Install Docker by following the [official docker docs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/debian/)


- For Arch and it's derivatives:
```
sudo pacman -S docker python
```

- Install dependencies for running setup scripts:
```shell script
pip3 install -r requirements-cli.txt
```

## Setting up config file
```
cp config_sample.env config.env
```
- Remove the first line saying:
```
_____REMOVE_THIS_LINE_____=True
```
Fill up rest of the fields. Meaning of each fields are discussed below:
- **BOT_TOKEN** : The telegram bot token that you get from @BotFather
- **GDRIVE_FOLDER_ID** : This is the folder ID of the Google Drive Folder to which you want to upload all the mirrors.
- **OWNER_ID** : The Telegram user ID (not username) of the owner of the bot
- **AUTO_DELETE_MESSAGE_DURATION** : Interval of time (in seconds), after which the bot deletes it's message (and command message) which is expected to be viewed instantly. Note: Set to -1 to never automatically delete messages
- **IS_TEAM_DRIVE** : (Optional field) Set to "True" if GDRIVE_FOLDER_ID is from a Team Drive else False or Leave it empty.
- **INDEX_URL** : (Optional field) Refer to https://github.com/maple3142/GDIndex/ The URL should not have any trailing '/'
- **USER_SESSION_STRING** : Session string generated by running:
```
python3 generate_string_session.py
```
 
## Getting Google OAuth API credential file

- Visit the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials)
- Go to the OAuth Consent tab, fill it, and save.
- Go to the Credentials tab and click Create Credentials -> OAuth Client ID
- Choose Other and Create.
- Use the download button to download your credentials.
- Move that file to the root of mirror-bot, and rename it to credentials.json
- Visit [Google API page](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library)
- Search for Drive and enable it if it is disabled
- Finally, run the script to generate token file (token.pickle) for Google Drive:
```
pip install google-api-python-client google-auth-httplib2 google-auth-oauthlib
python3 generate_drive_token.py
```
## Deploying

- Start docker daemon (skip if already running):
```
sudo dockerd
```
- Build Docker image:
```
sudo docker build . -t mirror-bot
```
- Run the image:
```
sudo docker run mirror-bot
```
